# Detectors
This is a sample to evaluate the diferent detectors parameters and see how it works to detect characteristics points. The program has been made with opencv and C++. The main goal are help people to find the optimal detector and parameters to detect what they want and show you how some detectors works implanted in opencv.


The program has to be executed by console, you must build the program before. To run the code you have to open the terminal and go to the download carpet (Detectores). Once there you will be able to execute the program (./Detectors image).
The program can be executed using a parameter with the name of the image we want to detect points. You also can execute the program with your camera without adding any argument (./Detectors). The think is if you already have the photos or not. In both cases the program is going to be detecting points in a loop and you will see two windows, one with the image (what you put in the argument or what the cam is recording) and the other one with detectors buttons. If you choose a detector like Harris, ORB, Freak, SIFT or SURF the detection run without parameters but they also works different each other. If you choose Brisk, Star, Dense, MSer, or Simple Blob you will see one more window with the parameters of the detector you choose. You can modify this parameters using the tracks Bars and this values will be appearing in the terminal screen. Now you will be able to check the parameters of the different detectors, and see which of they have the best parameters to detect the points you want. 

To quit the program press key ‘q’ during 2 seconds (It doesn't work sometimes, so I usually press ALT+CMD+ESC to quit it).
